[Music]
Hello, how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart? Today I
bring you a video that you're going to love And
of course the information comes from
our colleague and collaborator Marina
Esnal who yes Well I'm going to say it just in case How strange the circumstance would be No but if there's someone who is not subscribed to Marina snal then you are already following her on her Twitter and Instagram because she
writes some articles in La Razón and in
other media that do not leave you in any difference
on this occasion she brings us a talk with No
more and no less than Javier Urra,
psychologist and first defender of the minor
in case there is someone who does not know who he is,
this psychologist who has also been
dealing with this issue of how a reunion could be
if it occurred between Rocío
Flores and her mother or the one who gave birth to her Well
this talk is going to be very interesting and we
are going to be analyzing them
next what happens is that since I am
very heavy as always before
starting the video I am going to ask you all
please to
subscribe to the channel it is
completely free we are already
passing Well I don't know if today we already have the
82 thousand subscribers if so
thank you all very much if not
then we will surely get there with this
video Because with this video it is
mandatory, I mean normally I ask you
please but in this video it is
mandatory in this video for the
video to continue you have to
automatically click the subscribe button
and the like okay you have down there the little
hand with the thumb up and a
red button that says subscribe and then
another one that says share which the
share one is optional okay But the
subscribe button and that thumb
up is mandatory So to
continue click click and let's get to it okay
family A big hug today it's time for a
chat with Javier Urra, psychologist and
first defender of minors, he was one of those
who intervened years ago in the Rocío
Flores Barra case, Rocío Carrasco. What would happen
if they finally met again in
court, he explains everything at length.
Well, for anyone who wants a little
information about Javier Urra and the
prestige he has, you can go in.
Even on his website Javierurra.com
and here you can learn a little about his
work, his writings  It
's also worth it because there are books there are more than one book and you know the man a little but I can tell you that he is an eminence and what he comments and what he says has all the respect and all the sense in the world, it's worth it to put you here a little in
context because I see that Marina says if
finally What would happen if they finally
met again in court well Here's
a move And it's not that if they
finally met again It's that the
only way that they wouldn't meet again is
because they have already been asked to testify I mean
the testimony of these parties has already been
presented and admitted we're
talking about the only way that
this doesn't happen and that we have a
reverse course would be that finally when
a criminal case is made it is decided that there is no
trial and the case is
provisionally dismissed and then they don't manage to
reopen it which we see as very soon
very unlikely let's see we're
talking
My colleague Maika Vasco was already commenting on it the other day also more
deeply Not from a more
judicial sphere we are talking about a case of
family abandonment in the form of
non-payment of alimony What does
this mean that  would have to be able to justify
that she has not paid the child support because it has not been
possible. In other words, a
judge imposes on her that she has to pay the child support of
200 euros a month, there is no more, she
cannot say Oh, the child has
money, there is that the father has money
No, you are nobody Rosito to decide
whether it is paid or not, you have to
pay it, the only option so that she does not
come out condemned is for her to prove that she
is insolvent
or to prove that she has paid, okay. And I
think that neither of the two things is very
likely. So I see it as very complicated that
this case is dismissed and that there is no
trial, but I can tell you the meeting at
the moment that there is a date for the trial, the
meeting will take place, okay. And what is it about? Well, it
comes to the fact that the parties have
requested it. Antonio David has requested it, but
apparently there was
also a give and take and a hustle and bustle here the other day
because it was not clear who had
requested it. Now it seems that it is
clearer and What is David Flores? In other words, the
plaintiff is the one who requests
Rocío Flores' testimony, but according to
Lectura magazine, Rocío  Carrasco I
mean the defendant also asks for this
in each trial each party provides the
evidence they need okay in this case
well in judicial processes there are usually
three parties the party that sues
the defendant and the Public
Prosecutor's Office and in this one it seems that the three have
agreed I don't remember now
from memory I could tell you in another
video what each party asked for if I'm not
mistaken Rocío Carrasco asks for
Olga's statement asks for
Olga's statement and the Public Prosecutor's Office I think
too I don't know I don't remember from memory I'll
tell you in the next video but I don't
know what the strategy is honestly And
what's the point of Rocío Flores' statement here
or rather me here the only thing I see
that Rocío Flores can contribute is
if she is taking care of
her brother in some way if she has lent a
hand because it has been needed in the house
but the truth is that what is at
stake here is very simple because she hasn't
paid because she hasn't paid Rocío
Carrasco there is no more okay here it's no longer valid
if there are transactions to
Mercadona if Olga is entered in the
name of the account yeah I don't know it's not valid
here  what is at stake is not
turned off And why hasn't he paid there is no
more I mean everything else is filler in the
trial and it is trying to confuse the judge who is in charge of
the case and here The case is not turned off
And why hasn't he paid okay But
well let's listen to what this
psychologist specialized especially in
Mental Health says about the issue of minors
okay let's see what he has
told Marina Rocío Flores she knows
perfectly well
Who her mother is And who her father is and who
has dedicated time to her and who hasn't
she has been elaborating her life the truth
is that all this has generated a
real spectacle something that never
should have been
something that should not have been But it has
been because the mother has turned it into a
spectacle No more no less okay they
really want to meet would there be
some possibility of it I proposed the
figure of a mediator at the time and it would have been
good if they recognized that they have
had many problems problems that have been
erroneously disclosed
I put in here again the little tip of the hat on the
part of the mother I mean this is
obviously Well what am I going to say not
looking back especially the
assumptions the testimony of  Carrasco
regarding his firstborn, the expert in the
matter explains the following at the end I
think that human beings must be
respectful of privacy we cannot
generate so much hatred we cannot blame
everything on lawyers and we cannot
blame everything on purely
economic issues when there are institutions like
mine, the defender of minors who
intervened at the time and there is
conclusive evidence of this, even the
head of the prosecutor's office of the
superior court of justice intervened, who later became
minister of justice, in other words,
people who were no pushovers got involved here, okay
I will never go into what I know
but what I do say is that I know the entire
case in depth I will never
speak about it but I will never allow it to be
said that the institution of the defender of
minors did not intervene
here I do not know how to interpret these
last words
of this gentleman no because knowing
the complete case it is more than evident that he
knows Rocío Flores' version, whether
Rocío Flores' version is credible or not
credible, this man knows it and this
man who is also a professional, an
expert in the matter and so on,
surely has his thoughts and his
criteria, he is not a judge, he is not going to condemn
anyone but surely  He
in his mind, in his thoughts, has
an opinion about whether Rocío Flores
deserves forgiveness or does not deserve it or if the
mother has behaved or has not
behaved or how the events unfolded, I'll
tell you. Okay, what do you think,
family? I'll be reading this topic, it's
a bombshell and this man has an
interviewer. What happens is that it seems to me
that it will not be possible. I send you a
huge hug and until the next
video
[Music]